README.md, before:

# halogenOS Nolifer

This is a Telegram bot implementation of the halogenOS Nolifer bot written in
Python from scratch.

## Setup

Make sure Python is installed.<br>
Clone the repo and execute the setup script:

```
./setup.sh
```

## License

This software is currently licensed under the GNU General Public License
Version 3.

```
Telegram Bot written in Python for halogenOS
Copyright (C) 2017  Simao Gomes Viana

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

README: python 3 and required packages

README.md, after:

# halogenOS Nolifer

This is a Telegram bot implementation of the halogenOS Nolifer bot written in
Python from scratch.

## Setup

Make sure Python 3 is installed.<br>
You will need following packages which you can install using pip or the
package manager of your system (e. g. by prepending `python3-`:
```
requests certifi future
```
In case packages are missing, please let me know so that I can add them here.
<br>

Clone the repo and execute the setup script:

```
./setup.sh
```

## License

This software is currently licensed under the GNU General Public License
Version 3.

```
Telegram Bot written in Python for halogenOS
Copyright (C) 2017  Simao Gomes Viana

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
